Coverage Mapping Content (#57)
helium/docs: docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/coverage-mapping.mdx

slug: /use-the-network/coverage-mapping
---

# Coverage Mapping

> 

Reviewer: We should have an info box at the top here that tells people we have a dedicate coverage mapping channel, and tha they should join it.

Helium recently began an effort to collect device data for the purpose of
coverage mapping from voluntary community contributors. Mapping data is viewable
at [mappers.helium.com](https://mappers.helium.com/). Anyone can contribute to
this project by sending device uplinks with the required geographical data to
the [Mappers API](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-api). For a step by step guide on setting an
integration in Console see the
[Mappers Quickstart](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-quickstart).

[Mappers API](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-api).

[Mappers Data](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-data).

> [Adeunis Mapper Instructions](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/adeunis-mapper).

Reviewer: I would break this whole section out into a list after `...data to
the [Mappers API]...` Maybe something like:

```suggestion

## Go Deeper with Coverage Mapping

* Read the step-by-step [Mappers Quickstart](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-quickstart)
* Learn more about the [Mappers API](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-api)
* Get some [Mappers Data](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/mappers-data)
* Deploy the [Adeunis Mapper](/docs/use-the-network/coverage-mapping/adeunis-mapper)

```
